PLAT-124534: Support new RTL scroller coordinate of Chrome 85 (#2874)
enactjs/enact: packages/ui/CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `ui/Scroller`, `ui/VirtualList`, and `ui/VirtualGridList` to scroll correctly on latest Chrome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ui/Scroller`, `ui/VirtualList`, and `ui/VirtualGridList` to scroll correctly on Chrome 85 or higher in RTL locales
```

Reviewer 2: `ui/Scroller` and `ui/VirtualList` would be fine.

Author: I fixed it
